Pam 205 ssg early access feedback (#219)
stoplightio/platform-docs: 2a.-style-guides/g-rule-examples.md

>**Warning**:
>Limited early access content for Shared Style Guides. Shared style guides are available on the **Professional** and **Enterprise** plans for early access participants. 

## APIs Must Be Versioned

Use the truthy function to require all APIs have version information. 

> 1. [Create a target](b-create-targets.md) for the `info` object: `$info`

Reviewer: [Create a target](b-create-targets.md) for the `info` object: `$.info`

>**Warning**:
>Limited early access content for Shared Style Guides. Shared style guides are available on the **Professional** and **Enterprise** plans for early access participants. 

## APIs Must Be Versioned

Use the truthy function to require all APIs have version information. 

> 1. [Create a target](b-create-targets.md) for the `info` object: `$info`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Create a target](b-create-targets.md) for the `info` object: `$.info`
```

![style-guide-target-example.png](https://stoplight.io/api/v1/projects/cHJqOjI/images/0eY0tOb16Oo)

2. Add a rule with these settings:

    - **Severity**: *Error* 
    - **Name**: *Version Required
    - **Message**: {{description}} (This returns your provided description in the validation list.) 
    - **Description**: *All APIs must be versioned.*
    - **Target**: Select the *info* target you created in step 1.

>     - **Property**: *version* (This targets the version property in the info object.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Property**: *version* (This targets the property name "version" located inside the info object.)
```
